- Hello, okay.
I'm gonna break the trailer
and then we're gonna go play the show.
Bye, goodbye!
[Gracie laughs]
[upbeat music]
We're at "Vogue World:
Hollywood" today, which is huge,
and we're gonna hang if you want.
Join me.
[upbeat music]
We're at the Paramount lot.
It's definitely hectic,
but in a pretty epic way,
'cause there's so many
people walking the show.
We just finished soundcheck,
kind of full rehearsal,
and it was the first time
I got to see all the models
and friends walking down,
so that was incredible.
But now, we're gonna glam.
Let's do it.
[heels clacking]
[lips smooching]
[upbeat music]
We're in glam now.
I'm here with Emily,
mwah, my hero, and Takuya.
- Hello.
- The concept, "Summer of Love" inspired;
everything about the look today,
from glam to what we're wearing.
It's nice to work within,
like, the confines of an era,
which we don't necessarily always do.
So, to send references
back and forth was sweet.
We were sending lots of Sharon
Tate kind of eye references,
and Twiggy, how her freckles sit
was exciting to us this morning.
And then on the hair front, light texture,
having less hair than I
did an hour ago, even,
is thrilling, so...
No place to debut a cut like
"Vogue World: Hollywood."
[bright music]
"Summer of Love," '70s,
my favorite album is
"Tapestry" by Carole King...
Well, and I'm also wrapping
my other favorite album,
so it's a little bit, I
feel like I'm cheating,
but that's why I'm representing
both at once is the goal.
"Tapestry," it came out 1971,
and when we were thinking about songs
to fit into this section,
that was one that I felt
very passionate about,
that album as a whole.
And Anna and team selected
"I Feel the Earth Move,"
and then it goes into "That's So True,"
which is an unlikely marriage,
but it's really exciting to
be singing these songs here
and especially feeling
how alive the era feels
while, you know, our section is going on,
it's pretty amazing.
Everyone in their, like, joy
and their gorgeous looks,
and there's lots of, like,
prancing around and handholding,
and so it feels really nice in this moment
where I think there's lots of
darkness to kind of be like,
"Oh, okay, there's like
light, and joy, and love."
[upbeat music]
There's so many people
working on this show.
You feel the energy.
I like that it feels raw,
but also being, like,
at Paramount Studios,
it's like there are aspects
of it that are polished,
but then in the middle of the song,
someone's like pushing
a cart of costume down
or, like, you know, holding the boom.
It's sick.
[Gracie laughs]
The way that they're integrating, I think,
like film in general,
it seems like they've
got lots of crew members
involved in the runway,
which is exciting to me,
and I think personally working
a different kind of show
on a pretty daily basis,
I just very much appreciate
that they're bringing a lot of people
who aren't necessarily always
seen kind of to the forefront.
[gentle upbeat music]
Luckily, my band is with us today,
which just, for me, is like a...
These are my favorite people in the world
and also comfort blanket to the max.
We're all starting in the back
of a truck that reveals us,
and I am loving the drama of that.
It's like subtle drama, but feels right,
and you know, to be able to look behind me
and see Ellen, Casey, and Gabe
being their "Summer of Lovely" selves.
It's really nice. Ew.
[Gracie retches]
Cut that.
We're gonna finish glam really quick,
and then I'll see you in five seconds.
[upbeat music]
"Vogue World" officially
starts in an hour,
and I am five seconds after start time,
so it's down to the wire now.
We are wearing a look from
Matthieu's Chanel collection.
It's one of my favorite ones
that came down the runway.
It's red, and floral, and
couldn't be more comfortable,
so I'm very lucky there.
And then the shoes are pretty epic.
I am so stoked that
Chanel is making me shoes
'cause I'm gonna try to...
I, like, after we did the rehearsal,
I did put them in my bag,
just to pretend to go home with them.
We have the earrings.
They're heavy, so if, you know,
you see me walking and I get weighed down,
it's just 'cause the Chanel's too good.
[upbeat music]
[camera shutter clicks]
It's really remarkable tonight to be here
for a million reasons,
but I think it's unbelievable work
that the proceeds from the show tonight
are going to benefit people
who work in the film industry,
specifically those who were
in impacted by the wildfires.
It's very close to my heart
'cause I grew up in the Palisades
and so many friends of mine
have been deeply affected
and friends of mine in Altadena as well.
So, this feels really special
to be gathered at all in a time like this
to be reminded of the importance
of community in that way,
but for this reason in particular,
couldn't be prouder to be
here supporting the cause.
[upbeat music]
[camera shutter clicks]
I'm gonna go change into my look.
Oh, you're panning up,
hello, 'cause it's time.
Now I'm scared.
Standing up.
Put fear in me.
Hello, okay.
I'm gonna break the trailer,
and then we're gonna go play the show.
Bye, goodbye!
[Gracie laughs]
[bright upbeat music]
[camera shutter clicks]
[trailer door clicks]
[trailer door thuds]
Ah! Hi, we're just...
Can you believe it?
It's time, we're going stage,
stage runway right now.
Thank you so much for hanging with me.
This is incredible to me.
I, yeah, couldn't love this more, really.
I feel very in my skin, despite
kind of molding to the era.
Time to go.
I'm hearing from Mackenzie.
Love you.
Bye, Vogue!
- [Crew] Bye!
- Bye-bye!
- Bye!
[gentle upbeat music]
[camera shutter clicks]